so putting in a plan in place for someone who's contemplating suicide.
Um, in the past, they would. There was contracts that were being made
between the individual who was contemplating suicide and the person
that was necessary counseling with him. But really, what it comes
down to is is having more than one resource for them. Um, there is
always a national suicide hotline, and depending on the location you're
at or a regional area, that could be 1 24 hour number that they
could call. Um, the chain of command should be one, and I would always
recommend a friend or somebody close to them. A family member should
be on that list, but making sure that's just not one number that
they have or one resource. And to have two or three, maybe if it's
if it's on a corridor. If I were counseling that individual toe, maybe
I take their phone and ask them for their phone and and place my
number in there specifically, eso. I know that they have that resource,
and then if they can't get a hold of me to give them an alternate
place, I think that's key because many times. It's just the person
to talk Thio an individual to connect with that's gonna help them cope
with that.